README.md, before:

# My Personal Portfolio Page

Hello! My name is Kyle Wardlow, and I'm working on getting myself the necessary expertise and education to be a full-stack engineer. As a part of this process, I am building this portfolio site to showcase what I learn. I would love to work with any size of team on any project that I can!

## Current Qualifications:

I have gained a lot of knowledge on my current journey so far, and I am committed to learning as much as I can to be of value to your team! Below are the areas in which I believe I have a decent grounding along with a self-assessment of my current scope of understanding:

### General Workplace Qualifications

+ Over 10 years experience in Sales & Customer Service.
+ Proficiency with Salesforce, MSOffice, Wordpress, and G Suite apps.
+ Work history involving both working solo and within a team setting.

### Development/Engineering Qualifications
+ HTML5/CSS3 - Intermediate Proficiency
+ Javascript - Intermediate Proficiency

## Continuing Education - Watch This Space!

I intend to complete the Codecademy career path for Full-Stack Engineering, which should also give me some grounding in the full PERN stack. Aside from that, I am also taking courses pertinent to the following:

+ LAMP stack technologies
+ Ruby
+ Vue
+ Angular
+ C++

## Conclusion & Personal Notes

I appreciate anyone who comes to see this work in progress. I expect to radically reformat this site a few times to adapt to properly showcase what I learn as I continue my educational processes, and hope to show how I could be a great asset to anyone who needs the services I can provide. My focus will be, throughout everything I do, in writing code that is understandable, scale-able, and efficient. I look forward to any feedback or critiques that anyone is willing to offer me on this and any other project of mine, and am always willing to offer my own feedback when requested!

## Contact - Hire Me!

Kyle Wardlow  
[E-mail](mailto:kyle@kylewardlow.com) - [Github](https://github.com/kwardlowdev) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwardlow/)  

### Project Changelog 
+ 10/13/22 - Realized I should probably keep a changelog. I added the skeleton of the project box to the main page. I need to add the javascript functionality to the project page (and have more projects) so that a user can cycle through my most recent projects within the main page.  
+ 10/14/22 - Added testing and functionality to featured projects, some basic responsiveness, and certification section. Still need to add more projects, about and project pages, and top menu.
+ 10/15/22 - Added top menu and more responsiveness along with about page. Need to do some testing on small screens. In future, flesh out projects, and eventually refactor site design to utilize new technologies as I learn them.

Commit message:

Added mobile responsiveness and to top button. Updated Readme with changes and to-do

README.md, after:

# My Personal Portfolio Page

Hello! My name is Kyle Wardlow, and I'm working on getting myself the necessary expertise and education to be a full-stack engineer. As a part of this process, I am building this portfolio site to showcase what I learn. I would love to work with any size of team on any project that I can!

## Current Qualifications:

I have gained a lot of knowledge on my current journey so far, and I am committed to learning as much as I can to be of value to your team! Below are the areas in which I believe I have a decent grounding along with a self-assessment of my current scope of understanding:

### General Workplace Qualifications

+ Over 10 years experience in Sales & Customer Service.
+ Proficiency with Salesforce, MSOffice, Wordpress, and G Suite apps.
+ Work history involving both working solo and within a team setting.

### Development/Engineering Qualifications
+ HTML5/CSS3 - Intermediate Proficiency
+ Javascript - Intermediate Proficiency

## Continuing Education - Watch This Space!

I intend to complete the Codecademy career path for Full-Stack Engineering, which should also give me some grounding in the full PERN stack. Aside from that, I am also taking courses pertinent to the following:

+ LAMP stack technologies
+ Ruby
+ Vue
+ Angular
+ C++

## Conclusion & Personal Notes

I appreciate anyone who comes to see this work in progress. I expect to radically reformat this site a few times to adapt to properly showcase what I learn as I continue my educational processes, and hope to show how I could be a great asset to anyone who needs the services I can provide. My focus will be, throughout everything I do, in writing code that is understandable, scale-able, and efficient. I look forward to any feedback or critiques that anyone is willing to offer me on this and any other project of mine, and am always willing to offer my own feedback when requested!

## Contact - Hire Me!

Kyle Wardlow  
[E-mail](mailto:kyle@kylewardlow.com) - [Github](https://github.com/kwardlowdev) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwardlow/)  

## Project Changelog 
+ 10/13/22 - Realized I should probably keep a changelog. I added the skeleton of the project box to the main page. I need to add the javascript functionality to the project page (and have more projects) so that a user can cycle through my most recent projects within the main page.  
+ 10/14/22 - Added testing and functionality to featured projects, some basic responsiveness, and certification section. Still need to add more projects, about and project pages, and top menu.
+ 10/15/22 - Added top menu and more responsiveness to handle mobile screens. Added "To top" to about. Updated progress markers.

## To Do:
+ Add more projects.
+ Update tech used as I learn.
+ Add project page.
